I for or perfume.
>> You mean wearing perfume?
>> Yes. Wearing perfume. If for instance,
if you're going to apply perfume before
or during the fast, is the ruling the
same?
>> If you wear a perfume and if you smell
it, there's no problem at all. Smelling
perfume is permitted. Any sort of
perfume as long as it is not a incense
smoke. You know you get smoke sticks lot
of smoke that comes smelling that
excessively it may go in the nose it may
go in the stomach and particles may go
so that is a bhour bhour
>> so that is what you should be careful of
you know where otherwise smelling
perfume it's permitted it will not break
the